abort: Removed obvious sentence (#564)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/06 k6-execution.md

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|

> | abort | function | It immediately aborts a k6 load test run with the exit code `108`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| abort | function | It ~~immediately~~ aborts a k6 load test run with the exit code `108`. |
```
@imiric Is it immediately the right word? Can be considered immediately also for the cloud?

Reviewer: It's not quite "immediate" in the cloud as the processing winds down, but it might be worth mentioning here that `teardown()` will still run if `abort()` is called. So in that sense, I would remove "immediately" from here.

> | abort | function | It immediately aborts a k6 load test run with the exit code `108`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| abort([String]) | function | It aborts a `k6` load test run with the exit code `108`, and optionally, a String can be passed for providing a more detailed error's message. `k6` executes the `teardown()` function if it has been defined before stopping the execution. |
```
WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

It aborts the test run with the exit code `108`, and an optional string parameter can provide an error message. Aborting the test will not prevent the [`teardown()`]() execution.
